I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, AS OLD AS HE IS
IN DOG YEARS
DO YOU THINK SNOOPY SHOULD STILL
BE ALLOWED TO FLY THIS THING?
RACHEL, YOU REMEMBER
WHEN YOU FIRST CAME HERE
HOW YOU SPENT TWO
WEEKS GETTING TRAINED
BY ANOTHER WAITRESS?
SURE. DO YOU NEED ME
TO TRAIN SOMEBODY NEW?
GOOD ONE.
ACTUALLY,
TERRY WANTS YOU
TO TAKE THE TRAINING AGAIN.
WHENEVER.
DO YOU BELIEVE THAT?
YEAH.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
SO THAT'S TWO BOXES
OF THE HOLIDAY MACAROONS.
ON BEHALF
OF THE BROWN BIRDS OF AMERICA
I SALUTE YOU.
( trilling )
JUST ADMIT IT, CHANDLER,
YOU HAVE NO BACKHAND.
EXCUSE ME, LITTLE ONE.
I HAVE
A VERY SOLID BACKHAND.
SHIELDING YOUR FACE AND
SHRIEKING LIKE A GIRL
IS NOT A BACKHAND.
I WAS SHRIEKING...
LIKE A MARINE.
ALL RIGHT, HERE.
WATCH ME EXECUTE
THE THREE Ps OF
CHAMPIONSHIP PLAY.
POWER. HA!
PRECISION. SHHK!
AND PANACHE.
( girl screams )
YOU BROKE A LITTLE GIRL'S LEG?
I KNOW.
I FEEL
HORRIBLE, OKAY?
IT SAYS HERE
THAT A MUPPET GOT WHACKED
ON SESAME STREET LAST NIGHT.
WHERE EXACTLY WERE YOU
AROUND TEN-ISH?
WELL, I'M GOING TO GO SEE HER.
I WANT TO BRING HER SOMETHING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK SHE'D LIKE?
MAYBE A "HELLO, KITTY" DOLL
THE ABILITY TO WALK.
( laughs )
( clears throat )
I'M GOING TO GET
BACK TO RETRAINING.
ALL RIGHT, SEE YOU, GUYS.
LOOK OUT, KIDS.
HE'S COMING.
AND I GOT TO GO SELL
SOME CHRISTMAS TREES.
HAVE FUN.
OH, WAIT.
NO, DON'T.
I AM TOTALLY
AGAINST THAT NOW.
WHAT, ME
HAVING A JOB?
NO, NO.
I AM AGAINST INNOCENT TREES
BEING CUT DOWN
IN THEIR PRIME
AND THEIR CORPSES
GROTESQUELY DRESSED
IN TINSEL AND
TWINKLY LIGHTS.
HEY, HOW DO YOU
SLEEP AT NIGHT?
WELL, I'M PRETTY TIRED
FROM LUGGING
THE TREES AROUND.
HEY, PHOEBE, LISTEN.
YOU GOT THIS ALL WRONG.
THOSE TREES WERE BORN
TO BE CHRISTMAS TREES.
THEY'RE FULFILLING
THEIR LIFE PURPOSE
BY MAKING PEOPLE HAPPY.
REALLY?
YES.
YES, AND, UH...
THE TREES ARE HAPPY, TOO
BECAUSE FOR MOST OF THEM
IT'S THEIR ONLY CHANCE
TO SEE NEW YORK.
AND AFTER YOU'VE
DELIVERED THE DRINKS
YOU TAKE THE EMPTY TRAY...
GUNTHER, PLEASE.
I'VE WORKED HERE FOR 2h YEARS.
THE EMPTY TRAYS
GO OVER THERE.
WHAT IF YOU PUT THEM HERE?
THAT'S ACTUALLY
A REALLY GOOD IDEA
BECAUSE THAT WAY THEY'LL
BE CLOSER TO THE MUGS.
YOU SHOULD HAVE THE OTHER
WAITRESSES DO THAT, TOO.
THEY ALREADY DO.
THAT'S WHY THEY
CALL IT "THE TRAY SPOT."
I ALWAYS HEARD THEM
TALK ABOUT THAT.
I SORT OF JUST THOUGHT
IT WAS A CLUB THEY WENT TO.
OH, GOD.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S ALL RIGHT...
SWEETHEART.
SO, THIS MUST BE
KIND OF NEAT FOR YOU.
YOUR DAD TELLS ME YOU GET
A COUPLE OF DAYS OFF SCHOOL
AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO SELL
THOSE COOKIES ANYMORE.
WELL, I KIND OF WANTED
TO SELL THE COOKIES.
THE GIRL WHO SELLS THE MOST
WINS A TRIP TO SPACE CAMP
AND GETS TO SIT IN
A REAL SPACE SHUTTLE.
WELL, YOU, UH...
YOU REALLY LIKE
ALL THIS SPACE STUFF, HUH?
YEAH.
MY DAD SAYS
IF I SPENT AS MUCH TIME
HELPING HIM CLEAN APARTMENTS
AS I DO DAYDREAMING
ABOUT OUTER SPACE
HE'D BE ABLE TO AFFORD
A TRIP TO THE TAJ MAHAL.
YOU'D HAVE TO CLEAN
A WHOLE LOT OF APARTMENTS
TO GO ALL THE WAY TO INDIA.
NO, THE ONE IN ATLANTIC CITY.
DAD LOVES THE SLOTS.
HE SAYS HE'S GOING TO DOUBLE
THE COLLEGE MONEY
MY GRANDMA LEFT ME.
HUH. WELL, GOOD LUCK TO DAD.
( sighs )
HOW MANY MORE BOXES
WOULD YOU HAVE TO SELL
IN ORDER TO WIN?
THE GIRL WHO WON
LAST YEAR SOLD 475.
YEAH?
SO FAR, I'VE SOLD 75.
400, HUH?
WELL, THAT SOUNDS DO-ABLE.
HOW MUCH ARE THE BOXES?
FIVE DOLLARS A BOX.
AND WHAT IS SECOND PRIZE?
A TEN-SPEED BIKE
BUT I'D RATHER HAVE SOMETHING
MY DAD COULDN'T SELL.
WELL, THAT MAKES SENSE.
COULD YOU DO
ME ONE FAVOR?
YEAH, SARAH, ANYTHING.
COULD YOU PULL THE
CURTAINS OPEN FOR ME?
THE ASTRONAUTS FROM
THE SPACE SHUTTLE
ARE GOING TO BE
ON THE NEWS.
SINCE WE DON'T HAVE A TV
THE LADY ACROSS THE ALLEY SAID
SHE'D PUSH HERS UP TO HER WINDOW
SO I CAN WATCH IT.
Old Lady:
YES?
HI. I'M SELLING
BROWN BIRD COOKIES.
YOU'RE NO BROWN BIRD.
I CAN SEE YOU
THROUGH MY PEEPHOLE.
UM, NO, HI.
I'M AN HONORARY
BROWN BIRD.
( trilling )
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
WELL, IT MEANS
THAT I CAN SELL COOKIES
BUT I'M NOT INVITED
TO SLEEPOVERS.
I CAN DIAL 911 AT THE PRESS
OF A BUTTON, YOU KNOW.
NOW, GO AWAY!
PLEASE, PLEASE.
IT'S FOR A POOR LITTLE GIRL
WHO WANTS TO GO TO SPACE CAMP
MORE THAN ANYTHING
IN THE WORLD.
I'M PRESSING.
A POLICEMAN
IS ON HIS WAY.
OKAY, OKAY, I'M GOING.
I'M GOING.
I CAN STILL SEE YOU!
ALL RIGHT!
HEY.
HEY. WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
WELL, I THOUGHT A LOT
ABOUT WHAT YOU SAID
AND I REALIZED...
MAYBE I WAS
A LITTLE JUDGMENTAL.
YEAH, OH, BUT, OH...
NOW, PHOEBE, REMEMBER, HEY...
THEY'RE JUST FULFILLING
THEIR CHRISTMAS...
DESTINY. YES.
ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
YIKES, THAT ONE DOESN'T
LOOK VERY FULFILLED.
THAT'S ONE OF THE OLD ONES.
HE'S JUST TAKING IT
TO THE BACK.
YOU KEEP THE OLD
ONES IN THE BACK?
THAT IS SO AGEIST.
WELL, WE HAVE TO MAKE ROOM
FOR THE FRESH ONES.
SO, WHAT HAPPENS
TO THE OLD GUYS?
THEY GO INTO THE CHIPPER.
WHY DO I HAVE THE FEELING
THAT'S NOT AS HAPPY
AS IT SOUNDS?
( loud grinding )
NO... NO!
HEY, HEY, HEY!
AND THESE COME IN THE SHAPES
OF YOUR FAVORITE
CHRISTMAS CHARACTERS--
SANTA, RUDOLPH, AND BABY JESUS.
ALL RIGHT, I'LL TAKE A BOX
OF THE CREAM-FILLED JESUSES.
ONE BOX?
I'M TRYING TO SEND A POOR
LITTLE GIRL TO SPACE CAMP.
I'M PUTTING YOU DOWN
FOR FIVE BOXES.
CHANDLER, WHAT ABOUT YOU?
ALL RIGHT, DO YOU HAVE
ANY COCONUT-FLAVORED DEITIES?
NO, BUT, UH
THERE'S COCONUT
IN THE HANUKKAH MENOREOS.
I'LL PUT YOU DOWN
FOR EIGHT BOXES--
ONE FOR EACH NIGHT.
MON?
I'LL TAKE ONE BOX
OF THE MINT TREASURES--
ONE, AND THAT'S IT.
I STARTED GAINING WEIGHT
AFTER I JOINED THE BROWN BIRDS.
REMEMBER? DAD BOUGHT
EVERY ONE OF MY BOXES
AND I ATE THEM ALL.
NO, MON, DAD HAD TO BUY
EVERY ONE OF YOUR BOXES
BECAUSE YOU ATE THEM ALL.
BUT, UH...
I'M SURE THAT'S NOT GOING
TO HAPPEN THIS TIME.
WHY DON'T I JUST PUT YOU DOWN
FOR THREE OF THE MINT TREASURES
AND JUST A COUPLE
OF THE RUDOLPHS?
NO.
OH, COME ON NOW.
YOU KNOW YOU WANT THEM.
DON'T... DON'T...
DON'T DO THIS.
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT, MON--
I'LL GIVE YOU THE
FIRST BOX FOR FREE.
OH, GOD, I GOT TO GO!
COME ON.
ALL THE COOL KIDS
ARE EATING THEM.
Gunther:
WHEN YOU HAVE
A SECOND LATER
I WANT TO SHOW YOU
WHY WE DON'T JUST TRAP SPIDERS
UNDER COFFEE MUGS
AND LEAVE THEM THERE.
I'M RETRAINING TO BE BETTER
AT A JOB THAT I HATE.
MY LIFE OFFICIALLY SUCKS.
WASN'T THIS A TEMPORARY THING?
I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
TO DO FASHION STUFF.
WELL, YEAH, I'M
STILL PURSUING THAT.
HOW EXACTLY
ARE YOU PURSUING THAT?
YOU KNOW, OTHER THAN
SENDING OUT RESUMES
LIKE, WHAT, TWO YEARS AGO?
WELL, I'M ALSO
SENDING OUT...
GOOD THOUGHTS.
IF YOU ASK ME
AS LONG AS YOU GOT THIS JOB
YOU GOT NOTHING PUSHING YOU
TO GET ANOTHER ONE.
YOU NEED THE FEAR.
THE FEAR?
IF YOU QUIT THIS JOB
YOU THEN HAVE MOTIVATION
TO GO AFTER A JOB
YOU REALLY WANT.
THEN HOW COME YOU'RE
STILL AT A JOB
THAT YOU HATE?
WHY DON'T YOU QUIT
AND GET THE FEAR?
BECAUSE I'M TOO AFRAID.
OH, GOD.
I DON'T KNOW.
I WOULD GIVE ANYTHING
TO WORK FOR A DESIGNER
OR A BUYER.
OH, I JUST DON'T
WANT TO BE 30
AND STILL WORK HERE.
YEAH, THAT'D BE MUCH WORSE
THAN BEING 28
AND STILL WORKING HERE.
RACHEL?
YEAH?
REMIND ME TO REVIEW WITH YOU
WHICH POT IS DECAF
AND WHICH IS REGULAR.
CAN'T I JUST LOOK
AT THE HANDLES ON THEM?
YOU WOULD THINK.
OKAY, FINE.
GUNTHER, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I AM A TERRIBLE WAITRESS.
DO YOU KNOW WHY I AM
A TERRIBLE WAITRESS?
BECAUSE I DON'T CARE.
I DON'T CARE
WHICH POT IS REGULAR
AND WHICH POT IS DECAF.
I DON'T CARE
WHERE THE TRAY SPOT IS.
I JUST DON'T CARE.
THIS IS NOT WHAT I WANT TO DO.
SO I DON'T THINK
I SHOULD DO IT ANYMORE.
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU
MY WEEK'S NOTICE.
WHAT?
GUNTHER, I QUIT.
DOES THIS MEAN
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO START PAYING FOR COFFEE?
OKAY, 12...
22...
18...
WHAT?
I SPELLED OUT "BOOBIES."
ROSS
PUT ME DOWN
FOR ANOTHER BOX
OF THE MINT
TREASURES, OKAY?
WHERE ARE THE
MINT TREASURES?
UH, WE'RE OUT.
I SOLD THEM ALL.
WHAT?
MONICA, I'M CUTTING YOU OFF.
NO... NO.
JU-JUST A COUPLE MORE BOXES.
IT'S NO BIG DEAL, ALL RIGHT?
I-I'M COOL.
YOU GOT TO HELP ME OUT
WITH A COUPLE MORE BOXES!
MON, LOOK AT YOURSELF.
YOU HAVE COOKIE ON YOUR NECK.
OH, GOD!
SO, HOW MANY HAVE
YOU SOLD SO FAR?
CHECK THIS OUT--
517 BOXES.
OH, MY GOD!
HOW DID YOU DO THAT?
OKAY, THE OTHER NIGHT,
I WAS LEAVING THE MUSEUM
JUST AS "LASER FLOYD"
WAS LETTING OUT
OF THE PLANETARIUM?
WITHOUT EVEN TRYING,
I SOLD 50 BOXES.
THAT'S WHEN IT OCCURRED TO ME--
THE KEY TO MY SUCCESS:
THE MUNCHIES.
SO, I, UH
STARTED HITTING THE N.Y.U. DORMS
AROUND MIDNIGHT.
I AM SELLING COOKIES
BY THE CASE.
THEY CALL ME "COOKIE DUDE!"
OKAY, EVERYBODY STOP
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
I NEED ENVELOPE STUFFERS.
I NEED STAMP LICKERS.
WELL, HEY, WHO DID
THESE RESUMES FOR YOU?
ME, ON MY COMPUTER.
YOU SURE USED
A LARGE FONT.
EH, YEAH.
WELL, UH, "WAITRESS
AT A COFFEE HOUSE"
AND, UH,
"CHEER SQUAD CO-CAPTAIN"
ONLY TOOK UP
SO MUCH ROOM.
HA-HA-HEY,
THAT'S FUNNY.
YOU'RE FUNNY, CHANDLER.
YOU'RE A FUNNY GUY!
YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE
IS REALLY FUNNY?
SOMETHING ELSE
I MIGHT HAVE SAID?
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW.
WEREN'T YOU THE GUY
THAT TOLD ME TO QUIT MY JOB
WHEN I HAD ABSOLUTELY NOTHING
ELSE TO DO?
HA-HA-HA-HA-HA!
CALM DOWN.
IT'S GOING TO BE OKAY.
NO, IT'S NOT GOING
TO BE OKAY, ROSS.
TOMORROW IS MY LAST DAY,
AND I DON'T HAVE A LEAD.
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M JUST GOING TO CALL GUNTHER
AND I'M GOING TO TELL HIM
I'M NOT QUITTING.
BUT, YOU-YOU DON'T WANT
TO GIVE IN TO THE FEAR?
YOU AND YOUR
STUPID FEAR.
I HATE YOUR FEAR!
I WOULD LIKE
TO TAKE YOU
AND YOUR FEAR...
HEY! I GOT GREAT NEWS!
RUN, JOEY!
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!
WHAT? RACH, LISTEN.
HAVE YOU EVER HEARD
OF FORTUNATA FASHIONS?
NO.
MY OLD MAN'S DOING
A PLUMBING JOB DOWN THERE.
HE HEARD THEY
HAVE AN OPENING.
YOU WANT ME TO SEE IF HE
CAN GET YOU AN INTERVIEW?
YES! I WOULD LOVE THAT.
THAT'S SO SWEET, JOEY.
NOT A PROBLEM.
AND NOW FOR THE GREAT NEWS.
WHAT? THAT WASN'T
THE GREAT NEWS?
ONLY IF YOU THINK IT'S
BETTER THAN THIS...
SNOW IN A CAN!
I GOT IT AT WORK.
YOU WANT ME TO DECORATE
THE WINDOW?
GIVE IT A CHRISTMAS LOOKY?
CHRISTMAS COOKIE?
THIS ONE HERE
IS A DOUGLAS FIR.
IT'S A LITTLE MORE MONEY
BUT YOU GET
A NICER SMELL.
LOOKS GOOD. I'LL TAKE IT.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
NO, NO.
YOU DON'T WANT
THAT ONE.
NO, YOU CAN HAVE
THIS COOL BROWN ONE.
OOH!
IT-IT'S ALMOST DEAD!
THAT'S WHY
YOU HAVE TO BUY IT.
SO IT CAN FULFILL
ITS CHRISTMAS DESTINY.
OTHERWISE, THEY'RE GOING
TO THROW IT INTO THE CHIPPER.
TELL HIM, JOEY.
YEAH, THE TREES
THAT DON'T FULFILL
THEIR CHRISTMAS DESTINY
ARE THROWN IN THE CHIPPER.
I THINK I'M GOING TO LOOK AROUND
A LITTLE BIT MORE.
PHEEBS, YOU GOT
TO STOP DOING THIS.
I'M WORKING ON
COMMISSION HERE.
OH...
HEY, GUYS.
I'M HERE TO PICK
OUT MY CHRISTMAS TREE.
WELL, LOOK NO FURTHER.
THIS ONE'S YOURS.
AH...
IS THIS THE ONE
THAT I THREW OUT
LAST YEAR?
ALL RIGHT,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
NEVER MIND!
EVERYBODY WANTS
TO HAVE A GREEN ONE!
SORRY. I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO GET SO EMOTIONAL.
I GUESS IT'S JUST...
THE HOLIDAYS ARE JUST HARD.
OH, HONEY, IT THAT 'CAUSE
YOUR MOM DIED AROUND CHRISTMAS?
OH, I WASN'T EVEN
THINKING ABOUT THAT.
OH.
HI THERE.
HOW MANY... HOW MANY
DID YOU SELL?
I'M NOT GOING
TO TELL YOU.
YOU'RE THE BAD MAN
WHO BROKE SARAH'S LEG.
HEY, NOW, THAT
WAS AN ACCIDENT, OKAY?
YOU'RE A BIG SCRUD.
WHAT'S A SCRUD?
WHY DON'T YOU LOOK
IN THE MIRROR, SCRUD?
I DON'T HAVE TO.
I CAN JUST LOOK AT YOU.
ALL RIGHT, GIRLS...
AND MAN.
LET'S SEE YOUR FINAL TALLIES.
OH... DEBBIE.
321 BOXES OF COOKIES.
VERY NICE.
NOT NICE ENOUGH.
CHARLA...
278.
SORRY, DEAR, BUT STILL GOOD.
GOOD FOR A SCRUD.
OOH, YES, ELIZABETH.
OH! 871!
THAT'S CRAP!
...SISTER BROWN BIRD.
GOOD GOING.
WHO'S NEXT?
( clears throat )
HI, THERE.
HI.
AND BATTING FOR SARAH...
ROSS GELLER.
872.
ALTHOUGH IT LOOKS
LIKE YOU BOUGHT
AN AWFUL LOT OF
COOKIES YOURSELF.
THAT IS BECAUSE MY DOCTOR
SAYS THAT I HAVE
A VERY SERIOUS...
NOUGAT...
DEFICIENCY.
TELL US WHAT HAPPENED,
BROWN BIRD ROSS.
WELL, I LOST.
SOME LITTLE GIRL
LOANED HER UNIFORM
TO HER 19-YEAR-OLD SISTER
WHO WENT DOWN
TO THE U.S.S. NIMITZ
AND SOLD OVER 2,000 BOXES.
HOW'D
THE INTERVIEW GO?
I BLEW IT.
I WOULDN'T HAVE EVEN HIRED ME.
OH, COME HERE,
SWEETIE.
LISTEN, YOU'RE GOING
TO GO ON
LIKE, A THOUSAND INTERVIEWS
BEFORE YOU GET A JOB.
THAT'S NOT HOW THAT
WAS SUPPOSED TO COME OUT.
THIS IS JUST THE WORST
CHRISTMAS EVER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE YOU SHOULD STAY
AT THE COFFEE HOUSE.
I CAN'T. IT'S TOO LATE.
TERRY ALREADY HIRED
THAT GIRL OVER THERE.
LOOK AT HER.
SHE'S EVEN GOT
WAITRESS EXPERIENCE.
OOH!
LAST NIGHT SHE WAS...
TEACHING EVERYBODY
HOW TO MAKE NAPKINS INTO...
( high-pitched moan )
THAT WORD WAS "SWANS."
WELL, SEEING THAT
DRUNK SANTA WET HIMSELF
REALLY PERKED UP
MY CHRISTMAS.
OH, MY GOD!
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
OH!
YOU GUYS!
OH, GOD, YOU'RE THE BEST!
IT'S LIKE NIGHT OF THE LIVING
DEAD CHRISTMAS TREES.
( phone rings )
HELLO?
YEAH, THIS IS SHE.
OH!
YOU'RE KIDDING.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
OH, THANK YOU!
I LOVE YOU!
SURE, EVERYBODY
LOVES A KIDDER.
I GOT THE JOB!
ALL RIGHT!
THAT'S GREAT.
GOD BLESS US,
EVERY ONE.
HERE WE GO.
I'M SERVING
MY LAST CUP OF COFFEE.
( all humming
"Pomp and Circumstance" )
THERE YOU GO.
ENJOY.
SHOULD I TELL HER
I ORDERED TEA?
NO.
UM, EXCUSE ME, EVERYONE.
UH, THIS IS MY LAST
NIGHT WORKING HERE
AND, UH, I JUST WANTED TO SAY
THAT I MADE
SOME REALLY GOOD FRIENDS HERE
AND, UH, IT'S JUST TIME
TO MOVE ON.
UH, NO OFFENSE TO EVERYBODY
WHO, UH, STILL WORKS HERE
BUT YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW GOOD IT FEELS TO SAY
THAT AS OF THIS MOMENT
I WILL NEVER
HAVE TO MAKE COFFEE AGAIN.
NOW, MR. KAPLAN SR.
LIKES HIS COFFEE STRONG
SO YOU WANT TO USE
TWO BAGS
INSTEAD OF ONE, SEE.
NOW PAY ATTENTION,
'CAUSE THIS PART'S TRICKY.
SEE, SOME PEOPLE
USE FILTERS JUST ONCE.
UM, I'M SORRY YOU DIDN'T
GET TO GO TO SPACE CAMP
BUT I'M HOPING THAT
MAYBE, SOMEHOW
THIS MAY HELP MAKE
UP FOR IT, OKAY?
PRESENTING, SARAH TUTTLE'S
PRIVATE, VERY SPECIAL
SPACE CAMP!
REALLY, MR. GELLER, YOU
DON'T HAVE TO DO THIS.
OH, COME ON.
HERE WE GO.
STAND BY
FOR MISSION COUNTDOWN.
( echoing ):
TEN... TEN
NINE... NINE
EIGHT... EIGHT... EIGHT...
COME ON.
OKAY, BLAST OFF!
( vibratory humming )
( high-pitched squawking )
( beeping )
( falsetto ):
I'M AN ALIEN. I'M AN ALIEN.
OH, NO, AN ASTEROID!
OH, SORRY.
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]